[Celerdata] integration with CelerData (#2326)
DataDog/integrations-extras: celerdata/README.md

# Agent Check: celerdata

## Overview

> [CelerData][1], based on the open-source project StarRocks, is a commercial SQL engine designed for high-speed data analytics directly on your data lakehouse. It offers a cloud-managed solution that enhances the performance and scalability of running complex queries and workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CelerData][1], based on the open source project StarRocks, is a commercial SQL engine designed for high-speed data analytics directly on your data lake house. It offers a cloud-managed solution that enhances the performance and scalability of running complex queries and workloads.
```

> This integration allows users to collect Prometheus metrics and logs. By leveraging this integration, customers can gain insights into query performance, system health, and resource utilization, enabling them to optimize their data analytics operations effectively.

Reviewer 2: Is this collecting starRocks metrics and sent using prometheus?

Reviewer 3: StarRocks has a current integration where we feed prometheus.  We're reusing this to feed datadog.

Reviewer 2: Sorry - just to confirm, StarRocks has an integration that collects prometheus metrics and you are sending the metrics StarRocks collects to Datadog?

Author: Yes, this integration use openmetrics to send data to datadog.

Reviewer 3: @emarsha94 I'm curious why you asking about this.   Do you have a recommendation?

Reviewer 2: The overview should be clear enough that a new customer / someone who has never heard of the product can understand what the integration does and the purpose/value. Can you update the overview so that is clear what StarRocks is and what metrics/specific data your integration is monitoring?

Reviewer 4: done

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

> To install the CelerData check on your host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To collect StarRocks [metrics][9] and logs:
```

1. Download and install the [Datadog Agent][8].

> 2. To install the celerdata check on your host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the CelerData check on your host with the following command:
```

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-celerdata==1.0.0
   ```

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `celerdata.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory to start collecting metrics and logs. See the [celerdata.d/conf.yaml.example][3] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `celerdata.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your Agent's configuration directory, to start collecting metrics and logs. See the [celerdata.d/conf.yaml.example][3] for all available configuration options.
```

> 2. Datadog listens on port 5000 for the dogstatsd_stats_port and expvar_port. In your celerdata.conf file, you will need to change the server.discovery.listen_address and the server.discovery.advertised_address to use a port other than 5000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Datadog listens on port 5000 for the `dogstatsd_stats_port` and `expvar_port`. In your `celerdata.conf` file, you will need to change the `server.discovery.listen_address` and the `server.discovery.advertised_address` to use a port other than 5000.
```

3. [Restart the Agent][4].

### Validation

[Run the Agent's status subcommand][5] and look for `celerdata` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> StarRocks metrics are collected as documented [here][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> See [metadata.csv][6] for the full list of metrics provided by this check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][6] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

### Service Checks

> In the base check, Service check `celerdata_fe.prometheus.health` is submitted for FE component and `celerdata_be.prometheus.health` is submitted for BE component 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [service_checks.json][10] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.
```

### Events

> CelerData does not include any events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CelerData integration does not include any events.
```

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [CelerData support][7].

[1]: https://celerdata.com/
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/autodiscovery/integrations
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/celerdata/datadog_checks/celerdata/data/conf.yaml.example
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/celerdata/metadata.csv

> [7]: todo@starrocks.com

Reviewer: Is this the right email address?

```suggestion
[7]: support@starrocks.com
```

[8]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings/agent/latest

> [9]: https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/administration/metrics/ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[9]: https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/administration/metrics/ 
[10]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/celerdata/service_checks.json
```

# Agent Check: celerdata

## Overview

> [CelerData][1] is the only SQL engine that is fast enough to run the most demanding workloads directly on your data lakehouse, all powered by StarRocks and cloud-managed by CelerData.

Reviewer 2: For integrations-extras, the overview should avoid marketing material. It should include: 
	1	What does your product do in 1-2 sentences
	2	What will customers get from this integration (the value of the integration & why it's helpful). Potential ew customers should be able to understand the integration 
	3	What types of data sent and the value

Author: done

StarRocks metrics enable database administrators to monitor their deployments. StarRocks provides a Prometheus-compatible information collection interface. 

With this integration, we collect metrics and logs from StarRocks.

## Setup

Follow the instructions below to install and configure this check for an Agent running on a host. For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][2] for guidance on applying these instructions.

### Installation

To install the CelerData check on your host:

1. Download and install the [Datadog Agent][8].
2. To install the celerdata check on your host:

   ```shell

>    datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-celerdata==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>

Reviewer 2: This should include the integration version and replace <INTEGRATION_VERSION>

Author: done
